Describe the validity of null managed pointers (#71794)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/specs/Ecma-335-Augments.md

### I.8.9.2
- Insert at the end of the first paragraph “An unmanaged pointer type cannot point to a managed pointer.”

### II.14.4.2

> - Replace the sentence "Managed pointers (&) can oint to an instance of a value type, a field of an object, a field of a value type, an element of an array, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored (for pointer indexes into managed arrays)." with  "Managed pointers (&) can point to a local variable, a method argument, a field of an object, a field of a value type, an element of an array, a static field, the address just past the end of an object, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored (for pointer indexes into managed arrays)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the sentence "Managed pointers (&) can oint to an instance of a value type, a field of an object, a field of a value type, an element of an array, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored (for pointer indexes into managed arrays)." with  "Managed pointers (&) can point to a local variable, a method argument, a field of an object or a value type, an element of an array, a static field, the address just past the last field of an object or a value type, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored (for pointer indexes into managed arrays)."
```

Reviewer: I think it is ambiguous what "the address just past the end of an object" means.

Author: I've rewritten that comment to describe the valid managed pointer in terms of the address of any field and the use of sizeof to determine the end of the valid range.

> - Replace the sentence "Managed pointers cannot be null, and they shall be reported to the garbage collector even if they do not point to managed memory." with "Managed pointers shall be reported to the garbage collector even if they do not point to managed memory. A null managed pointer must not be dereferenced."

Reviewer: What is the significance of "Managed pointers shall be reported to the garbage collector even if they do not point to managed memory."? It feels like a internal implementation detail that does not need to be in the spec.

Reviewer 2: Agreed. I think we should strike the entire sentence. It is in section II.14.4.2 Managed pointers. The meta point seems to be around stating the non-nullable nature of a managed pointer and that invalid pointers can cause problems. I don't think this matters in the spec as it sounds like it is attempting to say that "pointers to non-managed memory are bad", which for the spec is fair and results in undefined behavior, but implementations are free to be resilient to that.

Author: The particular detail I think its trying to specify, (and it's doing it poorly) is that a managed pointer cannot be an arbitrary pointer, and MUST point to well defined memory location. It doesn't need to be in the managed heap, but it can't be a random pointer into the GC heap. I'll try to come up with some better wording

Reviewer 3: It sounds like a managed pointer can contain any value that is not in the managed heap.  In practice it needs to be zero or to allocated unmanaged space, etc., to avoid the possibility of it being in the managed heap (now by being captured by a future addition to the managed heap), though I suspect the details of how to guarantee a valid "unmanaged value" should be beyond the scope of this document.

Though now that I think about it, "not in the managed heap" seems too permissive.  For example, pointers to the stack that are -not- to locals (e.g., to the return address) might be problematic for future implementations (e.g., stack segments), or pointers to internal unmanaged runtime data structures might have some special meaning in a hypothetical future implementation.  So perhaps a better form of "not in the managed runtime" would capture the idea?

### II.23.2.12
- Add TYPEDBYREF as a form of Type

### III.1.1.5.2
- Replace "Managed pointers (&) can point to a local variable, a method argument, a field of an object, a field of a value type, an element of an array, a static field, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored (for pointer indexes into managed arrays)." with "Managed pointers (&) can point to a local variable, a method argument, a field of an object, a field of a value type, an element of an array, a static field, the address just past the end of an object, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored (for pointer indexes into managed arrays)."
- Remove the sentence "Managed pointers cannot be null."
- Add a bullet point

>   - Managed pointers which point at null, the address just past the end of an object, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored, are considered to be an invalid address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Managed pointers which point at null, the address just past the end of an object, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored, are considered to be invalid addresses.
```

>   - Managed pointers which point at null, the address just past the end of an object, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored, are considered to be invalid addresses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Managed pointers which point at null, the address just past the end of an object, or the address where an element just past the end of an array would be stored, are permitted but not dereferenceable.
```
